hey guys we're dude perfect today we're
teaming up with Brodie Smith we do
basketball and I do frisbee let's do it
Wow
oh this is the first shot
51 frozen rope give me a real challenge
don't have the way
cool
don't
got it
to get it
it's haunted me
Oh
haha
what I'm growing push you back there's a
ball with Frisco life starting new
I dedicate this to the Hardy Boys the
ones to solve mysteries yeah thanks are
you boys identica the shots to moes
twin cross you may hear some birds in
the background they're loud but not as
loud as a squeaky chair shot take this
brodie smith 21 screech a shot please Oh
lens flare play them to just pass to the
old ok stockton y amor hey Nico skip
that raid the frisbee toss let's rock
nice for today
Oh
this is the trampoline bomber
hey pant is good all right now so that's
good